Update embedding.mdx (#594)
FlatFilers/Guides: use-cases/embedding.mdx

Using an iframe, Embed React seamlessly integrates into your website or application, providing a simple yet robust experience for collecting and transforming data from your customers.

<Info>
  Prerequisites: You'll need a Flatfile account and your [publishable
  key](../developer-tools/security/authentication#secret-and-publishable-keys)
  to complete this tutorial. [Sign
  up](https://platform.flatfile.com/account/sign-up) and use the publishable key
  from your `development` environment for this tutorial.
</Info>

### Check React version

The minimum supported version is **React v16**.

> Depending on your package maanager, you can check your version in the terminal as follows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on your package manager, you can check your version in the terminal as follows.
```

> If you use an older version, you'll need to upgrade before beggining with Flatfile Embeded React.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use an older version, you'll need to upgrade before beginning with Flatfile Embedded React.
```
